hi I'm Josephine today we're going to
make Cohen zetia cutouts Mexico they're
made for the day of the dead holiday
they're called P Calvados you need one
piece of construction paper and pair of
scissors I'm going to fold the bottom
left corner so that it meets the right
side of the paper so cut a small
triangle in the center of that fold and
cut too long triangles around that when
you unfold it will look like this now
pulled the opposite way bringing the
right-hand corner to the left side of
the paper and crease cut too long
triangles around the center square
hold it it looks like this fold the
bottom of the paper up so that it meets
the creases from the first two folds and
cut too long triangles
unfold looks like this now fold the
paper in half long ways and cut too long
triangles
you fold it and you have the flower now
fold the top of the paper just to where
it meets the top petal this and just cut
any kind of shape along that crease
you need these holes so that you can
string several of them together to make
a banner the healthy kados can be simple
like the ones we made today or more
complicated like these they can also be
large or small use your imagination
thanks for watching this texas ties
production